DOC-3229: Add missing `iframe_attrs` option. (#3804)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/iframe_attrs.adoc

[[iframe_attrs]]
== `+iframe_attrs+`

> This option allows adding custom attributes to the editor's content iframe element when running in classic mode. The attributes are applied during the iframe creation.

Reviewer: Add an additional note please - it does not apply to iframe elements created within the editor content.

Author: I had this note [before](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3804/commits/221de536bf4705f51d1a6988be8ab1cf6aa6a9cb) but removed it.

Author: ```suggestion
This option allows adding custom attributes to the editor's content iframe element when running in classic mode. The attributes are applied during the iframe creation.

NOTE: This option only affects the main editor content iframe, not other iframes such as preview frames, dialog iframes, or iframe elements created within the editor content.
```

[[iframe_attrs]]
== `+iframe_attrs+`

> This option allows setting custom attributes on the editor's content iframe element when {productname} is running in iframe mode. The attributes are applied during iframe creation and can be used for accessibility compliance, form validation, custom styling, and other customization needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option allows adding custom attributes to the editor's content iframe element when running in classic mode. The attributes are applied during the iframe creation.
```

> NOTE: This option only affects the main editor content iframe, not other iframes such as preview frames or dialog iframes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

[[iframe_attrs]]
== `+iframe_attrs+`

This option allows adding custom attributes to the editor's content iframe element when running in classic mode. The attributes are applied during the iframe creation.

NOTE: This option only affects the main editor content iframe, not other iframes such as preview frames, dialog iframes, or iframe elements created within the editor content.

*Type:* `+Object+`

.Example: using `+iframe_attrs+` for accessibility
[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',  // change this value according to your HTML
  iframe_attrs: {
    'aria-required': 'true',
    'aria-describedby': 'editor-description'
  }
});
----

.Example: using `+iframe_attrs+` for custom styling
[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',  // change this value according to your HTML
  iframe_attrs: {

>     'style': 'background-color:rgb(64, 167, 99); border: 2px solid #ddd;',

Reviewer 3: why are you using `rgb` here but `hex` in the example below

Author: forgot to update output- updated now good catch.

    'class': 'custom-editor-frame'
  }
});
----

.Example: verifying `+iframe_attrs+` configuration
[source,js]
----
// After the editor is initialized, you can verify the configuration:
console.log(tinymce.activeEditor.options.get('iframe_attrs'));

> // Output: {style: 'background-color: #f5f5f5; border: 2px solid #ddd;', class: 'custom-editor-frame'}

Author: ```suggestion
// Output:  {style: 'background-color:rgb(64, 167, 99); border: 2px solid #ddd;', class: 'custom-editor-frame'}
```
